What.. what.. what..
Yeah...  That's right, okay, I remember that
I feel like we've had a conversation about it way before.
Yeah, because  you have a made dress.
Ha...  ha...  ha...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Wow. I don't know. well..
Hmmmmmmmm...
Oh really?
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Hmm...
Uh..  Hmm...
Hmmmmmmmm...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Sweet spot.  (***)
Ah  huh...
Ashhh...   Wait.. wait..  iThey don't know who he is, but she keeps on caring for him.
for him.
I love that..  right, right, right.
Ahhhhhhhhhh...
What's that.... this....?  Is that the one? Is that food right?
Bye.
Ohh  no.. no..
Pullman.
Hmm...
Cashper... Ha...  ha...  ha...  ha...  ha... Wow..  Ha... ha... ha.. Basseball..
Baseball is the word it's like yeah, it's true..
Okay, I remember that because there's a scene where like
They take the oxygen away from us.
Ha..  ha..  ha...  ha..  ha... I'm gonna make it.. Ha.. ha.. ha.. ha.. Such
Thank you.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
Hmmmmmmmm...
I remember watching that on my TV.. like that...
the tv with like the the knobs and like the the convex
It's great..  Ha.. ha.. ha.. ha..
Wow, that's a lot of spaceballs... Yeah..
Hmmmm... Did you guys ever watch like Princess Bride?
I really never watched it. I don't know what's the good thing about that.
Is that the one with like, I am your father, something, Montoya, something, something?
Ha, ha, ha...
Yeah...
Yeah, his name is like 10 names, right?
John.
Um  Hmm...
Umm...     Hmm...
Um  Hmm......    Ummmmmmmm...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
I don't remember, like, that's  why, 80s?
it.
Hmm...
Hmmm..
Wow...
She did some..
Serendipity!..    Yedah....
Yeah...
Hmm...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...